So my plan Thio to meet my life goals and career goals have been pretty
consistent for quite some time is that I really try to just for me
it's it's service above all. And so I I look at things that I'm not
working for necessarily. My commanding officer from my admiral is that
I looked at a zit. I'm serving God. And if I want to give my best
to God, I'm naturally going to be a great worker. I'm gonna be a great
leader, an officer. I'm gonna be a good husband. I'm gonna be a
good father. All those things fall in line because my my point of service
doesn't end at the command level. It goes way beyond something
that only God can control. And so I think because my services to something
greater, it means that the sky and the limit is much greater